Add Starlink device tracker documentation (#28387)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/starlink.markdown

### Switch

- Stowed - Controls whether Dishy is stowed

### Device Tracker

> - Device location - Tracks the location of Dishy. Note you need to allow location access on the local network via the Starlink app for this to work.

Reviewer: Should probably mention that the entity is disabled by default and needs to be enabled once it's been enabled via the app.

Author: I mentioned it is disabled by default in both the Starlink app and HomeAssistant. Do you think that's sufficient?

> - Device location - Tracks the location of Dishy. Note you need to allow location access on the local network via the Starlink app for this to work. This is disabled by default in the Starlink app, and is thus disabled by default in HomeAssistant too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Device location - Tracks the location of Dishy. Note you need to allow location access on the local network via the Starlink app for this to work. This is disabled by default in the Starlink app and is thus disabled by default in Home Assistant.
```
